Another interesting thing that you can do with class expressions is you can create very simple singletons.
Now there's more sophisticated singletons that you could create in six or in typescript.
But essentially what a singleton is is a class that can only instantiate an object once and if you try
and instantiate the object again or instantiate the class again it's going to return the same object.
So the way you would do that is you would do something like for example Konst person equals.
And now we're going to do new right after the keyword class and we'll leave it anonymous and it's sort
of here we can have our constructor constructor which takes a name argument and then we'll just set
it equal to the owned property of the instance right here.
And after that we'll do say a name like we did before where we just Concordat log this dot name like
so and then right after these curly braces we're going to do parentheses and we'll pass and some of
them like Neco for example.
Now we can do person da same name like so and you're going to see that it prints out neco.
So by using the class keyword with the new key word we're saying that we immediately want to instantiate
this class and then you see we use the parentheses here first to allow us to actually pass in arguments
to our constructor.
But secondly to actually tell javascript that we are immediately invoking this as a function.
And in doing so this class can only be created one time and can only be instantiated one time.